Modify rule S6509: Adapt to LaYC (#2174)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6509/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

In JavaScript, every value can be coerced into a boolean value: either ``true`` or ``false``.

> Values that are coerced into ``true`` are said to be * https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Truthy[_truthy_], and those coerced into ``false`` are said to be * https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Falsy[_falsy_]. 

Reviewer: I suggest merging this paragraph with the previous

Reviewer: There weird `*` before the links

> Casting a value to a boolean can be done with double negation (``!!``) or a ``Boolean`` call. Depending on the context, this may be redundant. JavaScript uses type coercion and automatically converts values to booleans when used with logical operators, conditional statements, or any boolean context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explicit conversion to a boolean can be done with double negation (``!!``) or a ``Boolean`` call. Depending on the context, this may be redundant as JavaScript uses implicit type coercion and automatically converts values to booleans when used with logical operators, conditional statements, or any boolean context.
```
